---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Trees, Not Grass, Linked to Heart Health [可以复习]
date:   2026-02-06 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Trees, Not Grass, Linked to Heart Health

Research has suggested that living near to green spaces can be really good for our health. Green spaces are areas where there are things like grass, trees and bushes.

However, a new study has found that some greenery may be better for us than others.

According to an international team of researchers, living near trees may reduce the risk of cardiovascular disease.

Living near bushes or grass was not found to have the same effect. In fact, people living near grass or bushes may be at greater risk of cardiovascular disease, although it's not clear why this may be.

The researchers used machine learning to look at 350 million street-view images from apps like Google Maps. They looked at the type and percentage of greenery in the area.

The research team also looked at 18 years of health data on almost 89,000 women in the US.

They had the home addresses of all these people. This allowed them to look for links between the greenery close to a person's address and their health data.

The results showed that living near to a high percentage of trees was associated with a 4% lower risk of cardiovascular disease.

Living near a high percentage of grass was associated with a 6% increase in cardiovascular disease. This surprised the researchers, but they suggested a number of possible reasons.

Grass doesn't have the same cooling effect that trees do, and trees are also better at filtering air and noise pollution. These things could affect heart health.

However, the researchers said that the study had some limitations. One is that the participants are all women.

Also, the street views didn't look at people's backyards, or take into account where the participants spent time when they weren't at home.

english | chinse
-- | --
grass | 草
bush | 衬套
greenery | 绿植
take into account | 考虑  
The study did not take income into account. | 该研究没有将收入因素考虑在内