---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 The Best Foods to Try at 7-Eleven Japan
date:   2026-01-25 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

The Best Foods to Try at 7-Eleven Japan

Tourists in Japan love to visit 7-Eleven stores. And now a US website has made a list of foods that people should try there!

There are 7-Eleven stores in the US, but they're not the same as the ones in Japan. And the website Food and Drink says the Japanese stores are much better!

The website looked at some Japanese 7-Eleven foods people are talking about online. And in September, it made a list of things tourists should try.

The first thing on the list is the 7-Eleven egg salad sandwich. It's called tamago sando in Japanese, and it's made from milk bread.

Food and Drink also says tourists should try 7-Eleven's onigiri made with cod roe. But if you don't like roe — fish eggs — you can get lots of other things inside your rice ball too!

The website also recommends 7-Eleven's curry bread and fried chicken. The fried chicken is called Nanachiki, where nana is Japanese for "seven."

There are nice sweet things to enjoy too.

Food and Drink recommends the sweet fruit sandwiches made with milk bread. They have fruit, cream and custard inside.

There are sandwiches made from pancakes, too. These are called dorayaki in Japanese. And there are a lot of different things you can get inside your pancakes too!

So if you don't know what to get in one of Japan's many 7-Eleven stores, maybe start with one of these!

english | chinse
-- | --
cod roe | 鳕鱼卵
custard | 蛋奶冻
