---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Why Toys Aren't Just for Kids Anymore
date:   2026-01-29 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Why Toys Aren't Just for Kids Anymore

Christmas is coming soon, and people around the world will be spending lots of money on toys.

Many of the people buying toys will be adults getting surprises for children in their families.

But there will also be a large number of adults buying toys for themselves.

These people are sometimes known as "kidults." The word is a combination of "kid" and "adult." 

Kidults are adults who like doing or buying things that are intended for children — like toys.

The kidult market — which includes toys aimed at people over the age of 12 — is worth billions of dollars each year.

According to market research company Kadence, kidult sales make up 28% of global toy revenue.

Adults buying — or collecting — toys is not new. But some say the kidult market really boomed during the coronavirus pandemic, when people spent a lot more time at home.

Experts say that for toymakers, the secret is to try to make toys that appeal to both children and adults.

Melissa Symonds from research company Circana told the BBC: "The products that are doing really well at the moment, such as Lego and Pokemon, are the ones that have that cross-generational appeal."

But it's not just Lego and Pokemon: action figures, soft toys, remote control vehicles, tamagotchis and much more are enjoyed by children and adults alike.

Older people enjoy these things because they're fun, but many also like toys that make them feel nostalgic for their own childhood.

However, while plenty of adults love toys, some don't like the term "kidult."

Kristy Hisert, from The Strong National Museum of Play in New York, said: "The term says to me that an adult playing with a toy is taking part in a kid activity. However, studies have shown time and time again that play is beneficial for people of all ages, not just kids."

english | chinse
-- | --
intended | 故意的
appeal | 上诉 , 呼吁 , 吸引
nostalgic | 怀旧的
plenty | 丰富