---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Why We Choose the Same Things Again and Again
date:   2026-03-09 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Why We Choose the Same Things Again and Again

The choices we make are based on carefully considering information and picking what's best for us — right?

Well, maybe not.

Research has found that a lot of our decisions may be made based on familiar patterns instead of informed preferences.

This means many people will go to the same coffee shop every day even if they know a better one has opened nearby. Or they might buy the same product in the store every week, even if other products offer better value.

A study published in Communications Psychology wanted to better understand how we make these choices.

Around 350 people were shown sets of abstract shapes and asked to choose one. Depending on which they chose, they had a different chance of winning a small amount of money.

The shapes were always shown in the same pairs or sets of three — so participants would always choose between an orange shape and a pink shape, for example, or between a yellow shape and a multicolored shape.

As they went, participants gradually learned that one shape in each pair or trio was always more likely to give them money — though the chance was never 100%.

Next, the shapes were mixed between the sets.

In this part of the experiment, participants generally chose the same shapes they had chosen more often in the first part, regardless of their chance of getting a reward. Even if both options were equally likely to be a winner, participants would still choose the one they had chosen most often before.

Looking at data from a number of similar studies, the researchers found the same pattern.

They believe this happens because our brains like to save energy on making decisions by relying on previous choices. And repetition and habit may become especially important as decisions become more complex.

So basically, if you make a certain choice once, it's just easier for your brain to make that same choice again!

english | chinse
-- | --
abstract | 抽象
experiment | 实验
gradually | 逐步地
regardless  | 不管
rely | 依靠