---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Most Airport Purchases Are 'Impulse Buys'
date:   2026-03-10 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Most Airport Purchases Are 'Impulse Buys'

Sometimes when we go to a store, we know exactly what we want to buy. At other times, we see something that looks nice and buy it.

Perhaps you didn't plan to buy that coat, those shoes or that candy — but when you saw it, you suddenly wanted it.

This is called an "impulse buy." According to a new survey, this is how many of us spend money when we're at the airport.

It can be hard to avoid the shops when you're at the airport. If your plane is delayed, looking at things in shops can pass the time. And in many airports, you have to walk through a duty-free store just to get to the departure lounge.

So you might decide to buy yourself something.

The survey, done by a group called the Airports Council International (ACI), found that 70% of airport purchases are impulse buys.

It also found that young adults spend more in airports than older adults. Young adults are more likely to spend their money on electronics, while older adults are more likely to choose alcohol.

Younger travelers like to buy products linked to the local area — something to remind them of their trip.

They are also less worried about prices, which is good news for airports.

Airports are expensive to operate, and sales from stores are a really important part of the business.

ACI said that airports have done well in the years since the coronavirus pandemic. More than half of all airports said they're making more money now than they did in 2019.

english | chinse
-- | --
Impulse Buys | 冲动消费
Purchases | 购物
duty-free | 免税 
departure lounge | 候机室
lounge | 休息室 