---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Why Working Out Once a Week Is Enough
date:   2026-03-13 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Why Working Out Once a Week Is Enough

Exercise is great for our health. It lowers our risk of heart disease and diabetes, keeps us strong and mobile, and protects our mental health too.

Still, knowing this doesn't always mean we can find time to work out.

The good news is, you don't need to be at the gym every day to get the benefits of exercise. In fact, research shows that strength training as little as once a week is enough to get strong and healthy.

One study followed around 15,000 participants who did strength training just once a week. Without spending a lot of time working out, they were still around 50% to 60% stronger at the end of the seven-year study.

And these results were seen among participants more or less regardless of their age, gender, or body weight — showing that just a small amount of regular strength training can benefit anyone.

Being active and healthy isn't just something that happens in a gym either. You're probably getting a lot more exercise than you realize just by living your life.

You're probably already exercising by walking to and from work or school, walking the dog, doing your shopping or doing anything else that gets you up on your feet and moving.

Simply cleaning your home can be good exercise as well. One hour of cleaning could even be about the same as a 20-minute workout.

If you want to build on what you already do, you can try things like taking the stairs instead of an elevator, or getting off one stop earlier on your usual commute to add some extra walking to your day.

Even if your schedule only has space for one planned workout a week, that can still be enough to improve your strength and fitness. But you can help yourself even more by just being a little more active in your daily routine too.

english | chinse
-- | --
Working Out | 锻炼
heart disease and diabetes | 心脏病和糖尿病
strength training | 力量训练
