---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Degrees 'A Waste of Time,' Say Young Americans[可以复习]
date:   2026-03-14 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Degrees 'A Waste of Time,' Say Young Americans

More than half of young graduates in the US think their degree was a waste of time or money.

That's according to a new survey by jobs site Indeed. It spoke to 772 graduates in the US. All had studied at university or college for at least two years after finishing high school.

Only 20% of workers aged 60 and over feel their degree was a waste of money. But 51% of young adults said they don't think their studies were worth it.

Many said they don't need a degree for the job they are doing now.

A lot of graduates also finished college with a large amount of student debt, Indeed said.

It added that the cost of getting a degree in the US has increased by between 32% and 45% over the last 20 years.

It's not easy for young people to begin their careers with big debts to pay back.

Experts also say that, with so many Americans now going to university or college, there may not be enough high-skilled jobs for all of these graduates.

However, research still shows that, on average, university and college graduates earn more than people who don't have degrees.

But the world is changing — especially as AI is being used in many areas of life. And some say that universities need to do more to prepare young people for this new world of work.

For example, they could do more to help students learn to work with others and to think critically — because these are things AI may not be able to replace!

english | chinse
-- | --
think critically | 批判性思考