---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 World's Best Cities to Raise a Family Revealed   
date:   2026-03-11 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# World's Best Cities to Raise a Family Revealed

Choosing where to raise a family is a major decision for parents, but a new report by Australian website Compare the Market might make the choice a little easier.

The report ranked 50 cities around the world based on scores given for nine different factors. These factors included safety, happiness, cost of living, green spaces, education, parental leave, child vaccination rates, benefits families can receive and activities for kids.

Brisbane in Australia ranked highest on the list, partly thanks to its many green spaces, parks and playgrounds. The city also had high scores for safety and happiness. However, the report noted that other cities have more activities for kids.

In second place was London in the UK. London has many green spaces and also scored well for kids' activities because it has so many historic sights and museums. However, the report noted that London has a high cost of living and it received a lower safety score than other cities.

Auckland in New Zealand came third. This city scored well for safety, green spaces and activities for kids, although New Zealand does not offer much parental leave compared to other countries.

In fourth place was Helsinki in Finland. This city had high scores for happiness, safety and education, but lower scores for green spaces and parental leave.

In fifth place was another Australian city: Sydney. Sydney scored well for activities for kids but had a low score for the cost of living because it is Australia's most expensive city!

Australian cities did very well in the rankings, with four cities in the top 10, including Perth at number six and Melbourne at number seven. Australia equals the UK in offering the most parental leave in the world, and Australian cities also scored well for happiness, safety and cost of living.

english | chinse
-- | --
vaccination | 疫苗
partly | 部分
historic sights | 历史古迹
Australia equals the UK in offering the most parental leave in the world | 澳大利亚与英国并列全球育儿假最长的国家