---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 US Airport 'Bans' People from Wearing Pajamas   
date:   2026-03-12 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# US Airport 'Bans' People from Wearing Pajamas

You've got a big day of travel ahead of you. Hours at the airport, a long flight, a bus to your hotel — you should probably wear something comfortable.

Some might choose to wear comfortable pants and a sweater. And others might just decide to wear their pajamas.

But if you think pajamas are a good idea, you might want to think again — because a US airport has said it wants to ban them.

Tampa International Airport (TIA) in Florida wrote on social media that it wants to ban people from wearing pajamas.

"We've seen enough. We've had enough. It's time to ban pajamas at the Tampa International Airport," the post said.

TIA had previously announced that it would also ban Crocs — soft rubber shoes known for being comfortable.

"Help Tampa International Airport become the world's first Crocs-free and pajama-free airport," TIA added.

But neither of these bans is real.

TIA said it often posts funny and playful messages on social media to connect with its followers — and it worked, because the new post was seen over 8 million times and received over 31,000 likes on X.

"Obviously this is all in fun, and we encourage our travelers to be comfortable," Beau Zimmer, who works for TIA, told The Associated Press.

However, the post started a conversation online about how people should dress when traveling.

Some have said people should be able to wear what they want, while others don't agree.

"You can dress comfortably without looking like you just climbed out of bed," one user wrote on the website SimpleFlying.

english | chinse
-- | --
Pajamas | 睡衣
sweater | 毛衣
But neither of these bans is real. | 但这两个禁令都不是真的。
