---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Social Media Posts May Increase Alcohol Use
date:   2026-03-07 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Social Media Posts May Increase Alcohol Use

When young adults see influencers drinking alcohol on social media, they may be more likely to drink alcohol themselves.

That's according to a new study from the US.

Researchers found that when people viewed posts that featured alcohol, they were much more likely to crave an alcoholic drink.

The study looked at 2,000 adults aged between 18 and 24.

All of the participants viewed 20 Instagram posts from online influencers. One group viewed posts of influencers who were drinking alcohol, or who were in a video that featured alcohol.

The other group viewed posts of the same influencers, but there was no alcohol.

The videos featuring alcohol weren't drink advertisements. But it was easy to see that there was alcohol featured in the videos.

For example, there was a video of two people drinking wine while they made some food. In another video, the same people were in the kitchen drinking hot chocolate.

The researchers said that people who viewed the posts featuring alcohol were 73% more likely to want to have a drink of alcohol afterward.

The study took into account the participants' previous exposure to both alcohol and alcohol advertising.

In the US, the legal age for drinking alcohol is 21. Alex Russell, one of the researchers, said: "Decades of research show that the earlier someone takes their first drink, the more likely they are to experience alcohol-related problems later in life."

The research team said their results show that social media may have a big impact on the choices young adults make.

english | chinse
-- | --
influencers | 影响者
alcohol | 酒精
crave | 想要