---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Tokyo Store Encourages Visitors to 'Steal' Items
date:   2026-03-08 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Tokyo Store Encourages Visitors to 'Steal' Items

In most stores, the rules are simple — you choose what items you want, pay for them and then leave.

At a special store in Japan, however, the rules are very different. Visitors can take anything they want without paying — but only if they can stay silent!

On March 14 and 15, a venue in Tokyo will turn into a convenience store made especially for this game. Inside, people can "steal" items from the shelves as part of a timed challenge that tests how well they can stay calm under pressure. The main rule is clear — do not make any noise!

Microphones that are able to detect even very small sounds are placed around the room. And if a microphone detects any noise, the participant who made it must leave the store immediately.

The store will be filled with a wide variety of items to "steal," including BMX bikes, skateboards, sweets and clothes. About 200 kinds of frozen ramen will also be available, along with about 2,000 bags of potato chips.

None of it is really free, though — anyone who wants to take part will need to buy a ticket, starting at 1,500 yen or about $9.50, to enter the venue. Participants can join alone or in groups of up to four people, and each person or group has only 60 seconds to "steal" their items. There's also a limit to the number of items people can take home.

This will be the third time the event has taken place. In previous years, some people waited in line for up to four hours to enter.

The organizers say they don't encourage real stealing, though, so if you decide to take part, remember that you should only "steal" inside the store as part of the game — not in real life!

english | chinse
-- | --
silent | 沉默
venue | 场所
