---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Apple Targets Budget Buyers with New Devices
date:   2026-03-06 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Apple Targets Budget Buyers with New Devices

Apple unveiled a range of budget-friendly models, including a cheaper iPhone and an entry-level MacBook, at events in New York, London and Shanghai on March 4.

The tech giant recently saw its quarterly earnings rise to a new record, thanks to strong sales of its iPhone 17 models, even though the company still hasn't delivered on its 2024 promise to smarten up its Siri assistant with AI.

Perhaps looking to capitalize on this sales momentum, Apple started off its product announcements with the new iPhone 17e.

Starting at $599, the iPhone 17e comes in $200 cheaper than the base iPhone 17, and comes in black, white and light pink.

The 17e has the same chip as the base iPhone 17, but offers double the storage of the previous 16e model at 256GB. The camera has also been updated to a 48-megapixel system and its better modem promises faster cellular speeds.

As for the display, the 17e has a slightly smaller screen than the base 17 model, a slightly lower refresh rate and may not be as bright, but it still has Apple's Ceramic Shield 2 system to prevent scratches.

The new MacBook Neo is Apple's attempt to move into the affordable laptop market. The base 256GB model is available for $599, while the upgraded 512GB model costs $699.

A refreshed and more budget-friendly MacBook Air was also announced. It uses the base M5 chip, but storage has been doubled from 256GB to 512GB.

The price of the 13-inch MacBook Air is $1,099. The 15-inch MacBook Air starts at $1,299.

All of the new products can now be preordered, and will be available on March 11.

english | chinse
-- | --
Apple unveiled a range of budget-friendly models, including a cheaper iPhone and an entry-level MacBook, at events in New York, London and Shanghai on March 4. | Apple在纽约、伦敦和上海举办了活动，推出了包括更便宜的iPhone和入门级MacBook在内的各种预算友好型产品，这些活动于3月4日举行。
unveiled | 揭幕
started off | 开头
chip | 芯片
slightly | 稍微
announced | 宣布