---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Why You Might Still Want to Snack After a Meal 
date:   2026-03-16 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Why You Might Still Want to Snack After a Meal

You've just eaten and shouldn't be hungry, but you see your favorite snack and you're still tempted to grab it.

Does that sound familiar?

It may be because our brains give us the same reward signals when we see food, whether we're hungry or not.

A study published in Appetite had 90 students at the UK's University of Plymouth take part in an experiment. All of them were a normal weight, weren't on diets and didn't have medical conditions that could affect their appetites.

First, the participants were asked to rate how hungry they were and how appealing a selection of 11 foods was. While doing this, they wore equipment that tracked their brain's electrical activity.

Then they played a computer decision-making game that let them earn access to one of those foods. If successful, the computer gave them a photo of the food, and if they lost, they got a photo of an empty plate or cupboard. While playing, their brains' responses were recorded.

Halfway through, participants were allowed to eat one of two snacks assigned to them based on what they had rated the highest at the start. They ate until they were satiated, and rated both their hunger and the 11 foods again.

They generally rated the food they had just eaten lower this time, and during the second half of the decision game, they steered their choices toward winning other foods. So on a conscious level, it seemed that the food they'd just eaten had lost some appeal.

However, the brain scans told a contradictory story. Even after eating a snack, the participants' brains still showed the same positive reward signal in the form of an electrical spike in response to an image of that snack.

This suggests that the body system that tells us we've had enough of something is separate from the system that gives us a mental reward when we're exposed to it.

When it comes to snacks, that could mean that our actual hunger levels might not be enough to stop us craving what we see!

english | chinse
-- | --
appetite | 食欲
satiate | 满足
conscious | 有意识
contradictory | 矛盾
spike | 激增
crave | 渴望,想要

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-you-might-still-want-to-snack-after-a-meal/43U7ShzaEfGTukPSRAwMiA](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/why-you-might-still-want-to-snack-after-a-meal/43U7ShzaEfGTukPSRAwMiA)