---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 You Can Change Your Personality at Any Age — Study
date:   2026-03-04 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# You Can Change Your Personality at Any Age — Study

It's often thought that when people get older they become "set in their ways" — meaning they are unlikely to change their behavior. However, a new study published in Communications Psychology suggests people's personalities are much more flexible, and no matter what your age is, change is always possible.

Researchers in Germany and Switzerland put 165 adults aged between 19 and 78 years old through an eight-week program of personality development. The program was designed to build two positive personality traits: emotional stability, meaning the ability to stay calm under stress; and extraversion, meaning being more outgoing and sociable.

The participants were studied in two separate groups: younger adults whose average age was 28, and older adults whose average age was 63.

The first four weeks of the program focused on emotional stability. Participants practiced mindfulness, received instructions for handling difficult situations, and had lessons about emotional stability, all in order to understand their own emotions.

The final four weeks focused on extraversion. Participants received training in social relationships, studied how their community of family or friends might affect their behavior, and practiced social skills with video feedback.

To measure participants' personalities, the researchers used a questionnaire and a special test in which participants answered a series of questions very quickly. The participants' automatic responses to this test showed how they unconsciously saw themselves.

The participants' personalities were measured before, during and after the program, and then again three and 12 months after.

Looking at the questionnaire results, participants showed significant increases in both emotional stability and extraversion. The test of automatic responses also showed an improvement in extraversion — but not as much improvement in emotional stability.

The surprise finding was that age made no difference to participants' improvements. Although the researchers expected better results for younger participants, they found that older participants improved just as much.

The researchers said that the older participants were more motivated and actively engaged in the program, and this may have offset any advantage younger participants had.

english | chinse
-- | --
trait | 特征
outgoing | 外向
unconsciously | 不知不觉
offset | 抵消