---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 The Best Places to See Cherry Blossoms in S. Korea
date:   2026-03-15 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# The Best Places to See Cherry Blossoms in S. Korea

In South Korea, spring has a very colorful way of showing that it has arrived: cherry blossoms!

Many people think of Japan when they think of cherry blossom season. And in fact, many of South Korea's cherry trees come from Yoshino trees imported from Japan during the early 20th century.

Known locally as beojkkoch ("bee-OH-kkot"), cherry blossoms have become an important part of South Korean spring.

And if you'd like to go cherry blossom viewing in different parts of South Korea, Travel and Leisure says you should start in the south.

The island of Jeju usually gets the first of the country's cherry blossoms around mid-March. Go there to see Jeju's beautiful king cherry trees, believed to be native to the island.

If you want to stay on the mainland, you can start in Busan, where the cherry blossoms usually arrive at the end of March.

Not far from Busan is Jinhae, which has South Korea's largest and most popular cherry blossom festival.

Next, you can visit Hadong, which has a 4-kilometer Cherry Blossom Road full of cherry trees. It's said that couples who walk down this road together will get married and live happily for many years.

In Seoul, the most popular place to look at cherry blossoms is by the Hangang River. Yeouido Park, which is on an island in the river, hosts a cherry blossom festival that usually takes place in the first or second week of April.

Travel and Leisure also says you should check the cherry blossom forecast to make sure your timing is correct. The blossoms usually only last for seven to 10 days after they bloom.

And remember to be respectful — they may be very pretty, but don't try to pick the flowers off the trees! Other people need to enjoy them too!

english | chinse
-- | --
festival | 节日
Leisure | 休闲
 
[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-best-places-to-see-cherry-blossoms-in-s-korea/XL50nhyQEfGDQf_dFASIsQ](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/the-best-places-to-see-cherry-blossoms-in-s-korea/XL50nhyQEfGDQf_dFASIsQ)