---
layout: post
title:  Most US Parents Worried About Future of Planet
date:   2025-04-27 11:24:29 +0800
categories: 
    - language 
---

bright 光亮

concerned 担心

sustainable 不可持续

Most US Parents Worried About Future of Planet

Most US parents are worried about what the world will look like when their children grow up, according to a new survey.

A survey done by Talker Research found that 72% of parents think the future doesn't look very bright.

About a quarter said they're worried about climate change, while others are concerned about the jobs market and politics in the future.

However, many parents are trying to make the world better for their children by encouraging good habits that are better for the planet.

These habits include things like giving old clothes and toys to other people to use again, turning off lights after leaving a room, and using less water in the bathroom or kitchen.

Most parents think it's important for their generation to make a difference before it's too late.

But some said that although they'd like to make sustainable choices, especially when they're shopping, they often put cost and convenience first.

That may mean buying things that are not as good for the planet and can only be used once, like paper towels.

Two thousand parents with children under the age of 18 took part in the survey.

In the last few years, some people have decided not to have children because of their worries about climate change and the future of the planet.

Some worry about the future, while others believe that bringing more people into the world will only make climate change worse.