---
layout: post
title:  Get Back on the Bike - How to Become a Better Cyclist
date:   2025-04-22 11:24:29 +0800
categories: 
    - language 
---

Get Back on the Bike: How to Become a Better Cyclist

As the weather gets warmer, many of us will be getting our bicycles out.

But if you haven't ridden for a while, or if you're new to cycling, it isn't always as easy as it might look!

Experts say there are a few things you can do to make yourself a better rider — while making sure you're still safe and having fun.
Get the right equipment

One of the most important things to do is to make sure you have the right equipment, says Cycling Weekly. That doesn't mean you need an expensive bike, but you could spend some money on making sure your bike is set up right for you.

Getting some comfortable clothes is also a good idea — especially some shorts that give you support when you're on the saddle.
Get strong

If you want to improve your speed and go for longer cycles, the Bicycling website suggests working on your core strength.

When you're riding for a long time, your core will be working hard, and the site says things like doing planks can help, while others recommend Pilates.
Look for friends

The Bike Radar website says riding with others, perhaps as part of a club, can help you stay motivated.

And riding in a group can also make you safer on the roads, as long as you don't get too close to the bike in front of you!
Practice

Just like any activity, practice is likely to make you better and stronger. If you haven't got lots of extra time, riding to work is a good way of getting some more practice during the week.