---
layout: post
title:  30% of S. Korean PhD Graduates Unemployed
date:   2025-04-23 11:24:29 +0800
categories: 
    - language 
---

uncertainty 不确定性

crisis 危机

Last year in South Korea, thousands of people completed PhDs. But according to new government data, almost three in 10 of them don't have a job.

Statistics Korea spoke to more than 10,000 people who finished their PhD studies in 2024. It found that 30% weren't working at the time of the survey, which was done between August 2024 and February 2025.

This is the highest number since Statistics Korea began collecting this data in 2014.

Younger people with PhDs found it even harder to find work, according to the survey. Of the 537 PhD graduates aged under 30 who took part in the survey, almost half were unemployed.

That's also higher than ever before.

However, some graduates found it harder to find work than others. Those who completed PhDs in arts and humanities were most likely to be unemployed.

Just over 40% of these graduates said they hadn't found work, while 38% of math graduates hadn't gotten jobs either.

Those who did PhDs in subjects like health, education and business found it easier to get work.

Some people have said that because of economic uncertainty in the country, South Korean companies prefer experienced workers.

And it's not just PhD graduates who are finding things difficult — 40% of people in their 20s in South Korea are not working.

It's being called an "unemployment crisis" among young people. And cities around the country have been creating programs to try to help these young people get jobs — and to keep them from giving up on looking for work.