---
layout: post
title:  Fake Banana Yoshimoto Book Appears on Amazon
date:   2025-04-21 11:24:29 +0800
categories: 
    - language 
---

outrageous 令人愤慨

permission  允许

Fake Banana Yoshimoto Book Appears on Amazon

Banana Yoshimoto, the famous Japanese author of Kitchen and Goodbye Tsugumi, unexpectedly excited fans when a new e-book called Sekai ni wa Jikan ga Nai (The World Is Running Out of Time) appeared on Amazon under her name.

But there was one big problem — she never wrote it.

On February 25, the famous author posted on social media, telling readers not to buy the fake e-book, which was being sold on Amazon Japan.

"I ask my readers to not buy a copy by mistake," she wrote on X. "This is outrageous."

Yoshimoto said she first heard about the fake e-book when someone asked if she had published something new. After checking, the author realized the book was not hers.

After she spoke out on X, Amazon took down the e-book the next day. However, it's still unclear who published it or why.

Amazon's Kindle platform lets anyone publish e-books or printed books by themselves. This makes it easy for writers to share their work, but it also means fake books can appear.

Yoshimoto told The Asahi Shimbun that Amazon should do more to check for fake books and stop them from being sold.

And this isn't the first time she's had problems with the platform. In the past, she found a book review that copied large parts of her writing without permission.

Another time, an e-book was published under a different author's name, but it was clearly based on her work.