---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Cities Compete to Be Japan's Second Capital
date:   2026-01-19 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Cities Compete to Be Japan's Second Capital

Last October the Japan Innovation Party (JIP) agreed to support the minority government of the Liberal Democratic Party (LDP) allowing Sanae Takaichi to become Japan's first woman prime minister.

However, the JIP had some conditions for giving its support, which included the creation of a second capital city that could take over government functions if Tokyo was affected by a serious natural disaster.

There has been talk of creating a second capital in Japan for decades, but the JIP is now pushing hard for a bill to be passed this year that will make that dream come true.

As well as providing a "backup capital" in case of a disaster in Tokyo, a second capital could encourage national economic growth, because at present, too much economic power is concentrated in Tokyo.

The JIP, which is based in Osaka, would like Osaka to be Japan's new second capital, saying that the city's strong points include its universities and research centers, its busy business districts, and its transportation services — which include Kansai International Airport.

The JIP has most of its support in the Osaka area, and its leader Hirofumi Yoshimura is also the Governor of Osaka prefecture, so its choice of Osaka for the second capital is not surprising.

However, other local governments are also interested in becoming the country's second capital.

The city mayors of Fukuoka, Kitakyushu, Nagoya, Niigata and Saitama have all said they are interested in the project, as well as the governors of Kumamoto and Fukuoka prefectures.

It has also been pointed out that Osaka is just as much in danger of having a serious earthquake as Tokyo — in fact, such a disaster could hit both cities at the same time. Some other local governments say that this might be less likely to happen in their city or prefecture.

english | chinse
-- | --
disaster | 灾难
concentrate | 集中
decades | 几十年
pushing hard for a bill | 正努力推动一项法案
providing | 提供
As well as | 以及
prefectures | 縣
pointed out | 指出
such a | 正如
