---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 This Is How Often You Should Change Your Bedsheets
date:   2026-02-26 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# This Is How Often You Should Change Your Bedsheets

How often do you change your bedsheets — and do you think it's enough?

Most of us spend about 50-60 or more hours sleeping every week, which is a lot of time for dirt, sweat, skin cells and other stuff to build up on our sheets.

Without regular cleaning, this dirt can affect our health, and can even make allergy and asthma symptoms worse.

So, how often should we clean our sheets?

Experts from the Sleep Foundation say once a week is best — or every two weeks if you don't use your bed every day.

However, some people should wash their sheets even more often, the Sleep Foundation says.

For example, if you have pets that sleep in bed with you, you should wash your sheets every three to four days. And if you have allergies or asthma, you might want to do the same to see if your symptoms improve.

Dust mites are also something to think about — even though we'd probably prefer not to!

According to information from the Ohio State University, the average bed can have between 100,000 to 10 million dust mites inside. These little bugs, which are less than a third of a millimeter in size, can also make allergy symptoms worse.

The less often we clean our sheets the higher their number is likely to be — because these mites love to eat our dead skin cells.

Cleaning your sheets every week can help keep dust mite numbers down by washing away their food — since you probably don't want to share your bed with too many of them!

english | chinse
-- | --
allergy | 过敏
asthma symptoms worse | 气喘加重
dust mites | 尘螨

[https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/this-is-how-often-you-should-change-your-bedsheets/qQZuXtFkEeym-rem0ssRBg](https://engoo.com/app/daily-news/article/this-is-how-often-you-should-change-your-bedsheets/qQZuXtFkEeym-rem0ssRBg)