---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 S. Korea to Spend $2.1 Million on Self-Driving Projects
date:   2026-02-27 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# S. Korea to Spend $2.1 Million on Self-Driving Projects

South Korea is planning to spend about 3 billion won — more than $2.1 million — on self-driving vehicle projects.

The idea is to improve public transport and freight services across South Korea.

The government will spend money on projects in eight different parts of the country, including Seoul, Daegu and the island of Jeju.

The Korea Times said that, in the east-coast city of Gangneung, self-driving vehicles will be used to transport people between different parts of the city during a big international conference in October.

In fact, the conference is the ITS World Congress, which is sometimes known as "The Transport Olympics."

Meanwhile, on the popular southern island of Jeju, self-driving vans will be used to transport people between the airport and the city.

Seoul will also begin using self-driving taxis. This will be the first time they've been used in South Korea, The Korea Times said.

The taxis will not be completely autonomous — there will be a "safety operator" sitting in the passenger seat. The safety operator will be able to take control of the vehicle if necessary.

In other places, self-driving vehicles will be used late at night or in areas that do not have good public transport.

And the government hopes that freight can be delivered using self-driving vehicles on the country's expressways.

It said that drivers "face a high risk of exhaustion" when they're making the same journey again and again, and this can be dangerous.

Self-driving vehicles could also help with labor shortages. South Korea has one of the world's lowest birth rates and an aging population.

Japan has similar demographic challenges, and has begun testing self-driving trucks and buses on some routes as well.

However, at the moment, most self-driving vehicles need to have a person sitting in the passenger seat or driver's seat, and fully autonomous vehicles are only allowed for testing in a few specific areas around the world.

english | chinse
-- | --
freight | 货运
exhaustion |  疲惫