---
layout: post
title:  英文文章 Six Most Expensive Cities Are in Same Country
date:   2026-02-02 09:01:00 +0800
image: 14.jpg
tags: 
    - language 
---

# Six Most Expensive Cities Are in Same Country

Singers want their songs to be top of the charts. Sports fans want their team to be at the top of the league. Being at the top is often a good thing.

But maybe it's not so good to be at the top of the list of the world's most expensive cities!

And the new cost of living index published by data website Numbeo shows that the world's six most expensive cities are all in the same country!

The Swiss cities of Zurich, Geneva, Basel, Lausanne, Lugano and Bern are the six most expensive cities in the world, according to Numbeo's latest list.

The site looks at the prices of things like shopping, transport, utility bills and restaurants.

Prices in Switzerland are very high. You need plenty of money to live there. But wages are also very high.

According to CEOWorld, wages in Switzerland are the highest in the world. That makes it easier to live in the country.

However, it is a very expensive place for people to visit, and tourists can expect to pay a lot of money for a meal in a Swiss restaurant.

The Icelandic capital of Reykjavik is also in the top 10, along with the US cities of New York, Honolulu and San Francisco.

In east Asia, Singapore was named the most expensive city to live in. Next were Hong Kong and Seoul, while Taipei was above Tokyo.

There were 479 cities in the Numbeo list and the 10 least expensive cities were all in India.

english | chinse
-- | --
league | 联盟
utility | 公用事业
along with the | 以及
